## Optical Flow
Optical flow is used in many tracking and motion analysis applications. It works by assuming two things about image frames.
1. the pixel intensities stay consistent bwtween frames
2. Neighboring pixels have similar motion

It then looks at interesting points, say, corners or particularly bright pixels, and tracks them from one frame to the next.

Tracking a point provides information about the **speed** and **direction** of movement and data that can be used to **predict the future location** of the point.

In summary, it tries to track points from one image frame to another based on the intensity levels of points in each image.

pythagorean theorem, 勾股定理
trigonometry, 三角函数

Optical Flow假设一个Frame中的点，与下一个Frame中“相同”的点具有相同的强度（Intensity）。也就是说，Optical Flow假设Surface的颜色不会随着时间而改变。在实践中，这不是一个完美的假设，但大部分时间都是接近的。也就是说，对于Image 1和Image2，他们在某一点的Intensity，$I_1$, $I_2$，假设满足$I_1(x,y) = I_2(x+u,y+v)$，`u`表示物体在下一帧中相对于上一帧在x轴移动的像素位置，`v`则是在y轴移动的像素位置。

到目前位置，我们把Image1和Image2视为两个单独的图像。但实际上，他们是时间相关的。我们要表现出Image1是在Image2之前出现的。

The first image is just 2D pattern of intensity that happens at time `t`, and the second image is the intensity pattern that happends at time `t+1`, one timestep's later.

通过这种方式，we can think of a series of image frames `I`, is a 3D volume of images with **x and y coordinates**, **pixel values at each point**, and **a depth dimension of time**
$$ I(x, y, t) = I(x+u, y+v, t+1)$$
This equation is known as the **Brightness Constancy Assumption(亮度恒定假设)**

这个函数可以分解成泰勒级数展开的形式：
**Brightness Constancy Assumption**
$$ I(x, y, t) = I(x+u, y+v, t+1)$$
**Taylor Series Expansion**
$$ I(x, y, t) = \frac{\partial I}{\partial x}u + \frac{\partial I}{\partial y}v + \frac{\partial I}{\partial t}1 + I(x,y,t) $$

在这种情况下，计算的是关于x,y,t的强度的导数

We can simpilify this expansion, and the result is an equation that relates the motion vector quantities u and v, to the change in image intensity in space and in time, which are measurable changes.
$$ 0 = \frac{\partial I}{\partial x}u + \frac{\partial I}{\partial y}v + \frac{\partial I}{\partial t}1 $$

$$ \frac{\partial I}{\partial x}u + \frac{\partial I}{\partial y}v = -\frac{\partial I}{\partial t} $$

This is the foundation of how optical flow estimates the motion vectors for a set of feature points in a video.

### Second Assumption/Constraint
You’ll note that the brightness constancy assumption gives us one equation with two unknowns (u and v), and so we also have to have another constraint; another equation or assumption that we can use to solve this problem.

Recall that in addition to assuming brightness constancy, we also assume that neighboring pixels have similar motion. Mathematically this means that pixels in a local patch have very similar motion vectors. For example, think of a moving person, if you choose to track a collection of points on that person’s face, all of those points should be moving at roughly the same speed. Your nose can’t be moving the opposite way of your chin.

This means that I shouldn’t get big changes in the flow vectors (u, v), and optical flow uses this idea of motion smoothness to estimate u and v for any point.


### Tracking Features
The goal of optical flow is, for each iamge frame, to compute approximate motion vectors based on how the image intensity, the patterns of dark and light pixels have changed over time.

The first step is to find matching feature points in between two images using a method by cog or corner detection that looks for matching patterns of intensity.

Then optical flow calculates a motion vector, (u, v) for each  key point in the first image frame that points to where that key point can be found in the next iamge.
